Fix and add links between metrics pages (#1861)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/references/sdk-metrics.md

  - reference
---

> > For Cluster metrics, see [Cluster ▶️ Production deployment ▶️ Scaling and Metrics](/server/production-deployment/#scaling-and-metrics).

Author: Do we have all this info elsewhere, or should I link to this in addition? 

https://docs.temporal.io/server/production-deployment#scaling-and-metrics

Reviewer: Keep that link for now.
But moving this into and expanding it in the Deployment guide is a top priority for us these next 2 Quarters.

Reviewer: Actually on closer inspection, much of this is captured in the Cluster metrics reference - 
And if it is not - then it should be captured there - or in the Cluster deployment guide
We want to disperse the info in that file into the appropriate places in the new guides.

The Temporal SDKs emit a set of metrics from Temporal Client usage and Worker Processes.

> To set up metrics, see [Dev guide ▶️ Observability ▶️ Metrics](/application-development/observability#metrics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up metrics, see the [Metrics section of the Dev guide](/app-dev-context/metrics).
```

That section is built by Assembly so we can do this above and it will rewrite with a link preview
